[docs] Add lost Going to Production section in GS (#14798)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/_includes/getting_started/stronghold/global/partials/FINISH_CARDS.md

<div markdown="1">
## What's next?

> Detailed information about the system and components is available in the [documentation](/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed information about the system and components is available in the [documentation](/products/stronghold/documentation/admin/overview.html).
```
